LAMP Stack Deployment with Terraform
This repository provides Terraform scripts to deploy a basic LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, Python/PHP/Perl) stack on AWS. The infrastructure is managed using Infrastructure as Code (IaC) principles. Below is a guide on how to use the files in this repository.
Prerequisites
1.	AWS Account: Ensure you have an AWS account with the necessary permissions to create resources.
2.	Terraform Installed: Install Terraform on your local machine. You can find instructions here.
3.	AWS CLI Installed: Install the AWS CLI on your local machine and configure it with your AWS credentials.
Getting Started
1.	Clone the Repository:
bashCopy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/lamp-stack-terraform.git cd lamp-stack-terraform 
2.	Edit Configuration:
•	Open secrets.tfvar and update db_username and db_password with your desired values.
•	Modify other variables in the Terraform scripts if needed.
3.	Initialize Terraform:
bashCopy code
terraform init 
4.	Run Terraform:
bashCopy code
terraform apply -var-file=secrets.tfvar 
5.	Review Changes: Terraform will display the planned changes. Type yes to proceed with the deployment.
6.	Wait for Deployment: Allow Terraform to provision the infrastructure. This may take a few minutes.
7.	Access the Application: Once deployment is complete, find the public IP or DNS of the EC2 instance and access it in a web browser.
8.	Cleanup (Optional): If you want to destroy the created resources, run:
bashCopy code
terraform destroy -var-file=secrets.tfvar 
Directory Structure
•	main.tf: Main Terraform script containing the infrastructure configuration.
•	userdata.sh: User data script executed on EC2 instance launch.
•	script.py: Python script interacting with the RDS MySQL database.
•	secrets.tfvar: Configuration file for sensitive information.
•	backend.tf: Configuration for Terraform backend using S3 and DynamoDB.
•	network.tf: Configuration for VPC, subnets, and networking.
•	README.md: Documentation on how to use the scripts.
Notes
•	Make sure to replace placeholder values in the Terraform scripts with your specific configurations.
•	This setup is a basic template and may require additional customization based on your use case and security requirements.
Feel free to reach out for any questions or issues. Happy coding!

